Keychain Lack Protection (#137)
Ostorlab/KB: MOBILE_CLIENT/IOS/_HIGH/kEYCHAIN_LACK_PROTECTION/recommendation.md

> Use the Keychain to store the secretKey, and enforce the usage of the Biometric authentication to access the item from the Keychain.
> 
> 1- Create a biometry-protected keychain item:
> 
> Use SecAccessControlCreateWithFlags to create a SecAccessControl with the following parameters:
> 
> - kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlockedThisDeviceOnly: keychain entry can only be read when the iOS device is unlocked. Also it won’t be copied to other devices via iCloud and won’t be added to backups.
> - .biometryCurrentSet: sets the requirement of Touch ID or Face ID authentication. It strictly ties your entry to the currently enrolled biometric data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the iOS Keychain to store secret informatin, and enforce the usage of the Pass Code or Biometric authentication to access the secret item.

1- Create a biometry-protected keychain item:

Use `SecAccessControlCreateWithFlags` to create a `SecAccessControl` with the following parameters:

- `kSecAttrAccessibleWhenUnlockedThisDeviceOnly`: keychain entry can only be read when the iOS device is unlocked. Also it won’t be copied to other devices via iCloud and won’t be added to backups.
- `.biometryCurrentSet`: sets the requirement of Touch ID, Face ID authentication or Passcode. It strictly ties your entry to the currently enrolled biometric data.
```
